Project Meeting 2: Concepts in advance.

Formulate which databases/sql info that would be needed
Buy myself more time by doing that
Write down what i want to be done - connect through webpage and app - ways to add more complexity or scale down.  So an app interface for example can be reduced down later.
Agile - planning ahead for unforseen circumstances
Adaptive. Having requirements and knowing what you want to achieve
3 layer:
Minimum requirements
Optional requirements
Extra requirements
Work around deadlines of other classes/modules. More submitted some weeks, some less.
Document decisions en route - what you did and why? Because there will be a presentation at the end.

Code Maintenance
Use source3/github for maintaining code over time - bitbucket has unlimited private access. Set up a new. 

Added functionality
Feeling filled - more filling meals as a search function
Myfitnesspal style of calorie counting - NHS BMI calculator kind of thing etc., abililty to tick items which were eating that day - pie chart like myfitnesspal, compare with the other meals that have been eaten that day.
Exclusionary search - filters to NOT contain nuts etc, allergies, lower sugar/more sugar for diebetes
Profile creation for the above being involved.
Advanced and basic search features
Maybe a recommended meals kind of thing? If someone likes specific things, remembering past searches etc.
Ability to trawl websites for specific information, specific formatting
Decide an appropriate priority list for each sprint.
Tasks can be investigating specific things - take a day/or more, look at something specifically interesting.

Hosting
Amazonaws is an option for image hosting/hosting in general, database stuff.
Can be 1 year for free

Use of existing databases
Look for a recommendation/association database for cooking. “Recommenders system” in google, check it with cooking, recipes etc. Very popular in machine learning atm

Software which will be used
Java runtime environment
Android studio
SQLite

Things for the next few weeks
Focus on the minimum requirements, optional requirements and extra requirements.
Set up github new project. Put in information/pictures/typing/notes from this week
Search for the recommendation/association database (recommenders system in google). Check if there are open API’s which use this kind of things.
Look for premade backend login systems - or examine what is required to make my own. Good thing to show that i know how to program these, adds complexity to the project.
List out all the programs etc. Which I will need for the project.
Check with lecturers if any of the information/systems being spoken about here will come up in future lectures. This can be expanded upon once the information from part (1) is sorted.
Anything about association databases? Information trawling to compose my own database? Using programs to search websites which have a specific format, to obtain recipe information, appropriately assigning these recipes to a database and making the database searchable.
Check if amazonaws is still an option.
Check on webcourses for the interim project
Establish which referencing tool to use for Harvard referencing, as im currently familiar with APA only.
Check up zotero. Referencing tool/plugin.

For Future weeks
Nothing set in stone yet - can decide what I am most interested in.
Make prototypes/paper prototypes for the website and app. Multiple pages - The advanced search filter, the calorie counter, the bmi calculator, profile signin, profile page?
Check past papers from DIT.ie/library to see what is expected/required. Layout, extent of work etc.
Figure out how much time research/investigation or completing each component will take. Make accurate estimations, not trying to fit into the project timeframe - that way things can be cut or added accordingly.
